Decrease the fontSize for the payment button in the checkout to ensure the text fits within the button (GCOM-1186) (#2046)
graphcommerce-org/graphcommerce: .changeset/real-garlics-battle.md

---
'@graphcommerce/magento-cart-payment-method': patch
---

> decrease the fontSize for the payment button in the checkout to ensure the text fits within the button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the selected payment method title from the Place order button so that the text always fits
```
